---
layout: post
title:  "Short: Phreesia (PHR) - Managment is hiding the fact that the party's over."
date:   2024-3-1 10:00:40
category: f
og_image:
---

Phreesia (PHR) provides patient intake software. Despite presenting as a SaaS business, the company employs a beachhead strategy, with advertising ("Have you asked your doctor about XYZator?") being the real money maker. This was successful over the past few years as COVID and a lack of competition aiding the massive S&M spend.

I like the business, but it's clear that it is deteriorating. I see it playing out like this:
1. Customer Acquisition Cost grows steadily to pre-COVID levels, reflecting less greenfield, less need, and more competition.
2. Management tries to hide this through acquisitions that aid KPIs but do little for the business. [We are here now.]
3. These worsening trends are made apparent through 2024, indicating that growth expectations are far too high in out years.
4. The stock goes down.

The main risks I see to the thesis are: no value attributed too $400m+ of NOLs, the potential for significant cost cuts potentially leading to EBITDA upside outweighing revenue downside, and $100m of cash providing some ability for management to further delay the inevitable by running headfirst into the higher CAC or doing more M&A.

Once the short thesis is made apparent, I think there is potential for a long on the basis of improving NRR as new customer growth becomes less of a focus.

<a href="https://csahil.github.io/assets/PHR.pdf">Write Up + Model</a>
